[ADD] new module sale_invoice_blocking (#1595)
OCA/sale-workflow: sale_invoice_blocking/readme/USAGE.rst

To use this module, you need to:

> #. Create a new sales order and provide a 'Invoicing block reasons'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Create a new sale order and provide a 'Blocking for invoicing'.
```
